Ehn/kwargs radar pos (#242)
SuperDARN/pydarn: docs/user/coordinates.md

# Coordinate Systems 
---

> pyDARN offers several different measurement systems for various type of plotting: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pyDARN offers several different measurement systems for various types of plotting: 
```

> - Range Estimation: the estimate of how far the target (echo) to the radar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Range Estimation: the estimate of how far the target (echo) is from the radar
```

> - Coordinates systems: Generic geographic coordinate systems with conversions to AACGM and AACGM MLT 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Coordinate systems: Generic geographic coordinate system with conversions to AACGM and AACGM MLT 
```

**AACGM**: `Coords.AACGM` is [Altitude Adjusted Corrected Geogmagnetic Coordinates developed by Dr. Simon Shepherd](http://superdarn.thayer.dartmouth.edu/aacgm.html) are an extension of corrected geomagnetic (CGM) coordinates that more accurately represent the actual magnetic field. In AACGM coordinates points along a given magnetic field line are given the same coordinates and thus are a better reflection of magnetic conjugacy. pyDARN uses AACGM-V2 from the [aacgmv2 python library](https://pypi.org/project/aacgmv2/). Implemented by Dr. Daniel Billett from University of Saskatchewan. 

> **AACGM_MLT**: `Coords.AACGM_MLT` is `Coords.AACGM` with the longitude shift to line up 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**AACGM_MLT**: `Coords.AACGM_MLT` is `Coords.AACGM` with the geomagnetic longitude converted to magnetic local time
```

> `RangeEstimation` methods can be used with `Coords` calculation for example, using `Coords.GEOGRAPHIC` using `RangeEstimation.GSMR` to determine the coordinates. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RangeEstimation` methods can be used with a `Coords` calculation. For example, using `Coords.GEOGRAPHIC` and `RangeEstimation.GSMR` together, will give a plot of ionospheric echoes at a distance from the radar calculated in ground scatter mapped range, in geographic coordinates. 
```
